the best way to develop your skills when you're working with teams is
to number one kind of get to know them. Um, what's an interesting situation
is when you go into a table and you're not familiar with any
of the faces that around, um, people say things that because you don't
know them personally, it's just a statement, Um, that they say,
And you, you don't put it in the context of the type of person that
that is, uh, for instance, somebody should somebody could say, Hey,
you know what we need to have, you know, all of electrical division.
Go down, um, and sit around the determine generator and make sure until
it's fixed. If you didn't know that, that person meant that, Hey,
you know, it's like, uh, it's a department wide thing and he's not
saying every single person cool down there. You could think that he's
a jerk. Um, otherwise, you could Let's say he's a really strong
character, strong leader, and he really does mean hey really doesn't
want people to go down there, every single one of them, right? If you
didn't know that he has a long history of being successful that is
really respected in his unit by his department, then you also you
might think he's a jerk. But if you know where people stand and why
they're saying the things that they that they say, you can really respect
the team a lot more.